# CS250-Portfolio-SDLC-AND-SCRUM-
Software development lifecycle and using Scrum and agile development

This project was a good expierence because it implemented user needs into a program. In this project the product owner met with the client and with three common users. The user "stories" explained what the users said they would like to see in the program. This was nice because they are the market. They are the ones who will be using the completed software so appracohing this and basing the program on their wants and needs, while fulfilling client requirements is a great method. 

Developing this programs was a fun process. I incorporated agile processes into this work, and I plan to incorporate them into my future work. I incorporated agile but using user stories, test cases, and working in interations. We used Scrum and worked with a group of Product owner, Scrum master, developers, and testers. It's important to remember its not always about the work I do. It's about the work WE do. Most of agile development and software development in general is a team collaberation. In fact, if you want to create a good project in an efficent manner, you really NEED a team. It's best to have a dedicated team, who is focused on techincal excellence and working together to create a product that satisfies the customer and the client. Being a good team member means attending meetings, working with the others, communicating frequently, staying focused, assisting others, and working to get the job done together. 
